one of the common crimes here in, uh, California. Um, this state is has
legalized marijuana, and we have a very large component of reserve
sailors, um, to include by our my active duty component. But one of
the crimes that we really have to be careful of is Thea the marijuana.
Some of our sailors have, um, came positive on a your analysis for
marijuana. Um, here in California. Like I said, it's legalized, but
we are. We fall under the ucmj a, which is zero tolerance for drugs,
and we also fall under federal guidelines. We understand that the
state has legalized marijuana, but for the United States Navy, it
is not authorized. And we do have some sailors. Um who I don't want
to say, pop, but who? Who test positive for marijuana and high levels
of THC.